# eChempad source code

The eChempad platform is a suite of web microservices oriented to manage the entire data life-cycle of experiments and assays from *Experimental Chemistry* and related Science disciplines.

The eChempad platform appears as an answer to the digitalization needs of experimental chemists at Institut Català d'Investigació Química (ICIQ). An analogous platform for *Computational Chemistry* at ICIQ ([ioChem-BD software platform](https://www.iochem-bd.org/index-introduction.jsp)) has been created before and it has been integrated successfully in the workflow of many chemists. 

The current project holds all necessary source files to build and bundle distributable copies of the eChempad platform. 

## Folder structure

Here is a list of the folders and files contained inside the root of this project: 
  - `COPYING`: Current license file (GNU AFFERO GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE, Version 3)
  - `CREDITS.md`: List of the people, organizations and institutions involved in the project development.
  - `.gitignore`: Used to ignore certain files from version control.
  - `.gitattributes`: Used to mark some files as "large files" which are files that are uploaded to version control but not merged. 
  - `LICENSE.md`: Additional license definitions not covered in the *license* folder
  - `.mvn/`: Contains the multi-platform binaries and configuration of the maven gestor of this project.
  - `mvnw`: Initialization wrapper script of maven, to check the place where it is residing, download the binary if missing, etc. In BASH shell.
  - `pom.xml`: Configuration file for Maven. It contains the different dependencies of the project and which packages does the interpret needs to download.
  - `README.md`: Contains a description of the project and its structure.  
  - `README_DEVEL.md`: Contains a more technical description of the project in order to obtain a valid deployment of the application. 
  - `src/`: Contains the source files and test files of the project, mainly .java files. It also contains heterogeneus resources for the code.
  - `target/`: Contains the autogenerated binaries of the project. Is not included in the repository because it contains binary files that cannot be merged. 

# Getting Started

### Reference Documentation
For further reference, please consider the following sections:

* [Official Apache Maven documentation](https://maven.apache.org/guides/index.html)
* [Spring Boot Maven Plugin Reference Guide](https://docs.spring.io/spring-boot/docs/2.5.4/maven-plugin/reference/html/)
* [Create an OCI image](https://docs.spring.io/spring-boot/docs/2.5.4/maven-plugin/reference/html/#build-image)

